index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Chulapa on remote
header_type: hero
subtitle: Starter pack
---

Click [**Use this template**](https://github.com/dieghernan/chulapa-101/generate) button above for cloning this repo and get started with [Chulapa Jekyll theme](https://github.com/dieghernan/chulapa).

Contains basic configuration to get you a site with:

- Sample posts and [paginated blog index](./blog/).
- Sample collection with Markdown and kramdown cheatsheets and [collection index](./cheatsheets).
- Archive pages for posts grouped by year, category, and tag.
- Demo page with the different Bootstrap components and how they look with the actual skin settings.
- Sample 404 page.
- Site search with Lunr.
- Sample `_config` with minimal configuration. `primary` color is set to <span class="text-primary">LightSkyBlue</span> and `autothemer` is enabled. [Learn how to customize your site](https://dieghernan.github.io/chulapa/docs/03-theming).
- Sample `algolia-search.yml` for using Algolia+GitHub Actions.
- Sample files for extending the theme with your own scripts and css.

On addition, `jekyll-sitemap` generates your sitemap on [./sitemap.xml](./sitemap.xml), and Chulapa generates an Atom feed on [./atom.xml](./atom.xml) and a RSS 2.0 feed on [./rss.xml](./rss.xml).

[Configure as necessary](https://dieghernan.github.io/chulapa/docs/02-config) and replace sample content with your own.

Commit message:

Themed it with Chulapa with the Sketchy skin. Switched out built-in pages for my own

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Small Planet Copyediting
header_type: hero
header_img: './assets/img/pd.jpg'
subtitle: Copyediting to Make the World Smaller
---

My name is Caleb Turner, and I'm a full-time freelance editor who’s passionate about reading, writing, travel, and exploring the outdoors. I grew up in the US and moved to Australia in 2019, and I’ve previously worked as a high school English teacher and in a sales and volunteer management role for a not-for-profit. That means I have a strong command of the Australian, British, and American styles of English, and I know how to promote a brand and communicate ideas with clarity and joy. My editing work includes blogs, novels, websites, letters, children’s books, poetry, and more.

Our editing service is priced competitively based on the level of detail you need:

* **Basic proofread (US$10/A$15 per 1000 words):** Spelling and major grammar points, punctuation, and capitalization
* **Standard line edit (US$20/A$30 per 1000 words):** Detailed grammar check (verb tenses, parallel structure, run-on sentences, repeated words), formatting (font, spacing, indents), internal consistency
* **Detailed structural edit (US$30/A$45 per 1000 words):** Rearrange and rewrite sentences/paragraphs to be natural and engaging. Polish pacing and delivery, character/argument development; condense and reword confusing sentences.

To learn more about how I can help your writing excel, [contact us](./contact/) today. I look forward to working with you!
